README.md, before:

# Linux Command Line Helper (lclh)

This is a Python-based command line tool that helps users generate Linux commands based on their needs. It uses an _AI model_ to generate the commands.

## Development

1. Clone this repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/amshali/lclh.git
cd lclh
```

2. Install the required Python packages:

```sh
python3 -m venv .venv
source .venv/bin/activate

pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Usage

1. Run the program locally with:

```sh
python lclh.py --env-path /path/to/config/.env
```

## Build and Publish

1. Build and publish binary package

```sh
pyinstaller --onefile lclh.py && sudo cp dist/lclh /usr/local/bin/

# Install man file:
sudo mkdir /usr/local/man/man1
sudo cp lclh.1 /usr/local/man/man1/

# Use man:
man lclh
```

2. Setup your `.env` file

```sh
mkdir -p $HOME/.config/lclh/

echo "OPENAI_API_KEY=?????" >> $HOME/.config/lclh/.env
echo "MODEL_NAME=?????" >> $HOME/.config/lclh/.env

```

3. Add key binding to zsh or bash

For zsh add these to your `.zshrc` file:

```zsh
alias lclh="/usr/local/bin/lclh"

bindkey -s '^u' 'lclh\n'
```

I have chosen `Ctrl+U` as my shortcut key for this. Change it according to your preference.

4. Use it!

Open a new terminal and press `Ctrl+U`. When prompted, describe what you need to do in Linux.
The program will generate a list of commands that can accomplish your task.

## Contributing

Please submit issues and pull requests on the GitHub page for this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

Commit message:

Added llama3 support to run locally

README.md, after:

# Linux Command Line Helper (lclh)

This is a Python-based command line tool that helps users generate Linux commands based on their needs. It uses an _AI model_ to generate the commands.

## Development

1. Clone this repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/amshali/lclh.git
cd lclh
```

2. Install the required Python packages:

```sh
python3 -m venv .venv
source .venv/bin/activate

pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Usage

1. Run the program locally with:

```sh
python lclh.py --env-path /path/to/config/.env
```

## Build and Publish

### Prerequisite

#### OpenAI

You should have an API key if you want to use OpenAI model.
Sign up and get your API Key and put it in the .env file along with the
OpenAI model of your choice.

#### Llama

In order to use llama, install and run Ollama. See and follow
this: https://github.com/ollama/ollama/tree/main

We suggest using `llama3:8B`.
If you are using llama, the only thing you need to set in
the `.env` file is the llama model name which is `llama3`.

1. Build and publish binary package

```sh
pyinstaller --onefile lclh.py && sudo cp dist/lclh /usr/local/bin/

# Install man file:
sudo mkdir /usr/local/man/man1
sudo cp lclh.1 /usr/local/man/man1/

# Use man:
man lclh
```

2. Setup your `.env` file

```sh
mkdir -p $HOME/.config/lclh/

echo "OPENAI_API_KEY=?????" >> $HOME/.config/lclh/.env
echo "MODEL_NAME=?????" >> $HOME/.config/lclh/.env

```

3. Add key binding to zsh or bash

For zsh add these to your `.zshrc` file:

```zsh
alias lclh="/usr/local/bin/lclh"

bindkey -s '^u' 'lclh\n'
```

I have chosen `Ctrl+U` as my shortcut key for this. Change it according to your preference.

4. Use it!

Open a new terminal and press `Ctrl+U`. When prompted, describe what you need to do in Linux.
The program will generate a list of commands that can accomplish your task.

## Contributing

Please submit issues and pull requests on the GitHub page for this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.
